welcome back to gear we're calm my name
is Bill Holland and this is the sugar
bites while filter here you see I've
been tweaking the cutoff and resonance
on the filter notice that we can have a
high-pass 12 decibel high past 24
decibel bandpass 12 bandpass 24 low-pass
12 and 24 a comb filter band reject band
crusher or LF crusher let me demo the
bandpass really quickly for you
there's also a low-pass filter and let's
hear that bit crusher real quick now all
these filters can also be set to what's
called vowel mode check this out now if
we use it with a comb filter let's see
what that sounds like
you can switch up the vowels on the left
or right side overdrive can also be
applied to this filter
get back to normal Lopez notice the mix
down here controls the dry and wet
signal so if I go to dry and then go to
halfway your nice 50% mix there's also a
modulator control down here for
modulating the signal the trigger button
audio trigger on Iran sensitivity
control wave and rate control envelope
follow LFO or step sequencer control you
set the tempo and smoothness from step
sequencer smoothness just kind of paste
these peaks and makes them less of an
abrupt 90 read drop and more of a linear
angle now if you don't want to go
through all that trouble you can go and
get classic presets vowel presets or
user presets which can be saved under
classic we have a lot of different
really good sounds chorus filtered gate
dynamic bass killer smooth operator or a
de-esser for those vocals that need
de-essing
that was the sugar bytes
Wow filter my name is Bill Holland and
you were watching gear wire calm